In drawing.ts inside the `micro` folder, I have a function that will take a SVG d3 selection and draw maplibre features on it (`drawPrettyMap`).

Inside this function, `getRenderedFeatures` will get all features present on the current view on the Maplibre map, and return them as a list. 

This works well, except that I want to display 3D buidlings as well. This is done by extruding the buidlings geometries from their `height` property, and drawing them into the SVG using a custom renderer that will create the `path` DOM elements.

 To do so, it is done in 2 steps:


## Grouping
Grouping is "linking" building features together. A building is linked to another building (it's a part of it) if the geometry is fully contained in it, and it's `height` property is higher 

## Drawing
This is the most tricky part. Since we are rendering in SVG, we have a number of considerations to take into account:
- One building, with all its parts, should be inside a single `<g>` element
- The drawing order is very important: we should render from further elements to closer elements. That is, the drawing order is important for one building elements, but also across buildings themselves
- Backface culling: to minimize the number of create DOM elements, we don't want to create elements that we won't see (walls facing away from the camera)
- Rendering a building with parts: the first grouping part should create, if we find a grouping, a `base_height` property on the feature that are part of a building. If that's the case, we need to determine the right order to draw the parts: we should need to go from lower height to highest hight, in order for the higher elements to be visible, otherwise the order would be wrong.


In order to help us achieve all that, we have the maplibre map and its projection available, using:
`map.transform.getProjectionDataForCustomLayer(false)`, that will retrieve the projection matrix. 

Today grouping is done by the `hierarchicalGrouping` function, and 3D drawing by calling `renderBuildingsToSvg` in 3d.ts. But it suffers from multiple problems:
- backface culling does not always work, I think it should use the projection matrix the determine which face to remove
- Polygons with holes do not render with holes for the roofs
- The drawing of buildings with parts does not work well: the drawing order of the elements does not seem to be correct (but maybe the grouping is wrong as well).

Can you help me fix those issues? You can write a new file with our own method to group and render to SVG.